Add a note about additive/effective permissions (#882)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions.mdx

HCP Terraform's access model is team-based. In order to perform an action within an HCP Terraform organization, users must belong to a team that has been granted the appropriate permissions.

> The permissions model is split into organization-level, project-level, and workspace-level permissions. These permissions are additive, meaning that a user on a team is allowed to perform the most permissive action that has been granted on a resource, regardless of the level at which it was granted. For example, if a team has a workspace "read" permission at the organization-level, and they have admin access on a single workspace, users on that team can still apply runs -- the organization-level permission doesn't take precedence over the workspace permissions. When configuring permissions at a particular level, it's important to remember that that team may have permissions above or below the hierarchy that grant a higher level of permission than what's currently being configured. A team's _effective permissions_ are the sum of the permissions that have been granted to them across the entire organization hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The permissions model is split into organization-level, project-level, and workspace-level permissions. These permissions are additive, meaning that a user on a team is allowed to perform the most permissive action that has been granted on a resource, regardless of the level at which it was granted. For example, if a team has a workspace "read" permission at the organization-level, and they have admin access on a single workspace, users on that team can still apply runs on that workspace -- the organization-level permission doesn't take precedence over the workspace permissions. When configuring permissions at a particular level, it's important to remember that that team may have permissions above or below the hierarchy that grant a higher level of permission than what's currently being configured. A team's _effective permissions_ are the sum of the permissions that have been granted to them across the entire organization hierarchy.
```

Also, was thinking this could be two paragraphs because it's looking kind of dense in the preview:
https://terraform-docs-common-git-jbonhag-additive-per-062ddc-hashicorp.vercel.app/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions

Reviewer 2: I love this suggestion! I hope you don't mind that I expanded on this a bit, I tried reworking it for flow and I came up with:

```suggestion
The HCP Terraform permissions model is split into three levels, you can set organization-level, project-level, and workspace-level permissions. Each permission level is additive, granting a user the highest level of permissions possible, regardless of which level set that permission. 

A team's _effective permissions_ is the sum of the permissions granted to that team from all permission levels. For example, if a team has the **View all workspaces** permission at the organization-level and **Admin** permission on a specific workspace, then users on that team have the effective permission of **Admin** on that workspace. An organization-level permission does not take precedence over a workspace-level permission. 

We recommend following the principle of least privilege when configuring permissions, only giving teams access to the resources they need for their job function. When configuring permissions at a particular level, remember that a team may have permissions above or below in the hierarchy that grant a higher level of permission than what you are currently configuring.
```

Let me know what you think and feel free to push back if anything doesn't feel good about it!

> Additionally, every organization has a special team named "owners", whose members have maximal permissions within the organization.

Reviewer 2: Can we remove this sentence because 
```suggestion
Every organization also has a special team called the **Owners** team, whose members have the maximum available permissions within the organization.
```

Author: Oh yeah, I didn't even see that just below! Thanks for the callout.
